README.md, before:

# NOTE: Max and Deji, write your code in either in the source/trackpro.sh file or the source/scripts folder, just makes the install script easier to write. Turns out we can run other scripts from another but we can't import functions like on C so keep that in mind. We could also work in seperate files for now and then combine them later.

# trackpro
## Boastful Introduction
Designed with meticulous detail, we present to you our own version control system. No where has seen anything like this before. It's also our group project for the module Computer Systems 2A at the University of Dundee

## Install script
### Types of Installation
trackpro comes with support for 3 major types of installation: 
* Manual - basically DIY, just copy this directory to where you want it and access the program from the source folder
* Global - run the install.sh script and the program will be installed for all users in /usr/bin
* Local - run the install.sh script and the program will be installed for the current user in their home directory

|  | Manual | Global | Local |
| --- | --- |---| ---|
| **Base Command** | ./trackpro (in source directory) | trackpro | trackpro |
| **Superuser privileges required during installation** | No | Yes | No |
| **Installation Path** | Your choice | /usr/local/bin/trackpro | $HOME/bin/trackpro
| **Config file location** | ./source/config/trackpro.conf | /etc/trackpro.conf | $HOME/.trackpro/trackpro.conf |

### Global Install
To install globally, open up a terminal and run the following command, browse the directory in which trackpro has been downloaded and type in the following command
```bash 
sudo ./trackpro.sh
```

### Local Install
To install globally, open up a terminal and run the following command, browse the directory in which trackpro has been downloaded and type in the following command
```bash
./trackpro.sh
```

## Uninstall script
To uninstall trackpro, use the uninstall script, this can be done in this directory (with sudo being omitted for a local uninstallation, just like the installation):
```bash
(sudo) ./uninstall.sh
```
There also some additional arguments that can be added to this including:
* --deep \t This will also delete configuration files
* -y \t This will prevent the user being asked to uninstall


## Source

Commit message:

Puts uninstall arguments into table

README.md, after:

# NOTE: Max and Deji, write your code in either in the source/trackpro.sh file or the source/scripts folder, just makes the install script easier to write. Turns out we can run other scripts from another but we can't import functions like on C so keep that in mind. We could also work in seperate files for now and then combine them later.

# trackpro
## Boastful Introduction
Designed with meticulous detail, we present to you our own version control system. No where has seen anything like this before. It's also our group project for the module Computer Systems 2A at the University of Dundee

## Install script
### Types of Installation
trackpro comes with support for 3 major types of installation: 
* Manual - basically DIY, just copy this directory to where you want it and access the program from the source folder
* Global - run the install.sh script and the program will be installed for all users in /usr/bin
* Local - run the install.sh script and the program will be installed for the current user in their home directory

|  | Manual | Global | Local |
| --- | --- |---| ---|
| **Base Command** | ./trackpro (in source directory) | trackpro | trackpro |
| **Superuser privileges required during installation** | No | Yes | No |
| **Installation Path** | Your choice | /usr/local/bin/trackpro | $HOME/bin/trackpro
| **Config file location** | ./source/config/trackpro.conf | /etc/trackpro.conf | $HOME/.trackpro/trackpro.conf |

### Global Install
To install globally, open up a terminal and run the following command, browse the directory in which trackpro has been downloaded and type in the following command
```bash 
sudo ./trackpro.sh
```

### Local Install
To install globally, open up a terminal and run the following command, browse the directory in which trackpro has been downloaded and type in the following command
```bash
./trackpro.sh
```

## Uninstall script
To uninstall trackpro, use the uninstall script, this can be done in this directory (with sudo being omitted for a local uninstallation, just like the installation):
```bash
(sudo) ./uninstall.sh
```
There also some additional arguments that can be added to this including:
| Argument | What it does? |
| --- | --- |
| **--deep** | This will also delete configuration files | 
| **-y** | This will prevent the user being asked to uninstall |

* --deep \t This will also delete configuration files
* -y \t This will prevent the user being asked to uninstall


## Source
